Add Pod Security Standards documentation (#28903)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints.md

Example: `node.cloudprovider.kubernetes.io/shutdown:NoSchedule`

If a Node is in a cloud provider specified shutdown state, the Node gets tainted accordingly with `node.cloudprovider.kubernetes.io/shutdown` and the taint effect of `NoSchedule`.

## pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce

Example: `pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce: baseline`

Used on: Namespace

Value **must** be one of `privileged`, `baseline`, or `restricted` which correspond to [Pod Security Standard](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards) levels. Specifically, the `enforce` label _prohibits_ the creation of any Pod in the labeled Namespace which does not meet the requirements outlined in the indicated level.

See [Enforcing Pod Security at the Namespace Level](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission) for more information.

## pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce-version

Example: `pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce-version: {{< skew latestVersion >}}`

Used on: Namespace

> Value **must** be a valid Kubernetes version label, such as `latest` or `v<MAJOR>.<MINOR>`. This determines the version of the [Pod Security Standard](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards) policies to apply when validating a submitted Pod.

Reviewer: the "such as" makes it sound like that's just an example version format... suggest being explicit that's the version format required (apples to the other `...-version` labels as well)

```suggestion
Value **must** be a `latest` or a valid Kubernetes version in the format `v<MAJOR>.<MINOR>`. This determines the version of the [Pod Security Standard](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards) policies to apply when validating a submitted Pod.
```

See [Enforcing Pod Security at the Namespace Level](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission) for more information.

## pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit

Example: `pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit: baseline`

Used on: Namespace

> Value **must** be one of `privileged`, `baseline`, or `restricted` which correspond to [Pod Security Standard](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards) levels. Specifically, the `audit` label _allows_ the creation of a Pod in the labeled Namespace which does not meet the requirements outlined in the indicated level, but adds an audit annotation to that Pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Value **must** be one of `privileged`, `baseline`, or `restricted` which correspond to [Pod Security Standard](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards) levels. Specifically, the `audit` label does not prevent the creation of a Pod in the labeled Namespace which does not meet the requirements outlined in the indicated level, but adds an audit annotation to that Pod.
```

See [Enforcing Pod Security at the Namespace Level](/docs/concepts/security/namespace-controls-pod-security) for more information.

## pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version

Example: `pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version: latest`

Used on: Namespace

Value MUST be a valid Kubernetes version label, such as `latest` or `v<MAJOR>.<MINOR>`. This determines the version of the [Pod Security Standard](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards) policies to apply when validating a submitted Pod.

See [Enforcing Pod Security at the Namespace Level](/docs/concepts/security/namespace-controls-pod-security) for more information.

## pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn

Example: `pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn: baseline`

Used on: Namespace

> Value MUST be one of `privileged`, `baseline`, or `restricted` which correspond to [Pod Security Standard](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards) levels. Specifically, the `warn` label _allows_ the creation of a Pod in the labeled Namespace which does not meet the requirements outlined in the indicated level, but returns a warning to the user after doing so.

Reviewer: worth noting this also causes warnings to be displayed when creating/updating objects that contain pod templates, like deployments, jobs, statefulsets, etc

> Value **must** be one of `privileged`, `baseline`, or `restricted` which correspond to [Pod Security Standard](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards) levels. Specifically, the `warn` label _allows_ the creation of a Pod in the labeled Namespace which does not meet the requirements outlined in the indicated level, but returns a warning to the user after doing so. Note that warnings are also displayed when creating or updating objects that contain Pod templates, such as Deployments, Jobs, StatefulSets, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Value **must** be one of `privileged`, `baseline`, or `restricted` which correspond to [Pod Security Standard](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards) levels. Specifically, the `warn` label does not prevent the creation of a Pod in the labeled Namespace which does not meet the requirements outlined in the indicated level, but returns a warning to the user after doing so. Note that warnings are also displayed when creating or updating objects that contain Pod templates, such as Deployments, Jobs, StatefulSets, etc.
```

See [Enforcing Pod Security at the Namespace Level](/docs/concepts/security/namespace-controls-pod-security) for more information.

## pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version

Example: `pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version: latest`

Used on: Namespace

> Value MUST be a valid Kubernetes version label, such as `latest` or `v<MAJOR>.<MINOR>`. This determines the version of the [Pod Security Standard](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards) policies to apply when validating a submitted Pod.

Reviewer: worth noting the warnings are also displayed when creating/updating objects that contain pod templates, like deployments, jobs, statefulsets, etc
